Adding policy page about phylum regos (#187)
phylum-dev/documentation: docs/knowledge_base/policy_phylum.md

# Phylum Policies

> Out of the box, projects and groups have access to about two dozen of policy regos authored by Phylum. 

Reviewer: I think we should drop "regos" here. Most people aren't familiar with that particular phrase.

```suggestion
Out of the box, Phylum provides roughly two dozen pre-defined policies that allow users to specify what their organization's acceptable use policies are for open source packages
```

Author: yeah... i agree.

> Out of the box, Phylum provides roughly two dozen pre-defined policies that allow users to specify what their organization's acceptable use policies are for open source packages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Out of the box, Phylum provides roughly two dozen pre-defined policies that allow users to specify what their organization's acceptable use policies are for open source packages.
```
Add period.

> To explore these in the web UI:
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To explore these in the web UI:

```
Remove extra blank line.

1. Open the `Policy` tab of an existing group page (create new group if you do not have any)
2. Select  `Phylum` and `Available` to see the list of all policies authored by Phylum

> 4. Click the title on any card to open and read the respective rego
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click the title on any card to open and read the respective rego
```
Skipped from 2 to 4.
Remode extra blank lines after the list.

> https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/67a17c27-c389-4f89-aafc-d8fda16a3542

Reviewer 2: Including a video like this as a bare link will not render in the Docusaurus-generated static page. It will look like a link:

<img width="1089" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d6520590-153e-4d38-be0d-75c862272c59">

Instead of attempting to get this to show as a video, the recommended approach is to use screenshots, with highlighting where helpful, stored in the `assets` directory, and referenced relatively. See other pages for an example of this (e.g., `docs/knowledge_base/policy_apply.md`). Each of the items in the ordered list could be a separate screenshot.

> 
> 
> A curated subset of the Phylum policies will be automatically active on newly created groups and personal projects to ensure Phylum surfaces potential risks in your projects.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A curated subset of the Phylum policies will be automatically active on newly created groups and personal projects to ensure Phylum surfaces potential risks in your projects.
```
Remove extra blank lines before and after (there should only be one blank line at the end of the page).

> Curated subset of the Phylum policies will be automatically active on newly created groups and personal projects to insure Phylum analysis captures all significant vulnerabilities and issues from the get-go. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A curated subset of the Phylum policies will be automatically active on newly created groups and personal projects to ensure Phylum surfaces potential risks in your projects.
```
